readme.md, before:

##Setup##

`npm install nodealarmproxy`

the `nap-example.js` shows a setup configuration.  Replace the init parameters with your own.

Available commands:

`initConfig(Object)` will create the server and a proxy for other things to connect to (Envisalink only allows one connection... this allows for multiple connections via proxy).  The object needs to be of the form:

    { password:'password', //required
        serverpassword:'serverpassword', //optional, will re-use password if not provided
        actualhost:config.host, //required
        actualport:config.port, //optional, will use default port if not provided
        serverhost:'0.0.0.0', //optional, will use '0.0.0.0' if not provided
        serverport:config.port, //optional, will use default port if not provided
        zone:7, //required, this is the number of sensors you have
        partition:1, //required, this is the number of partitions... usually 1
        proxyenable:true //enable the proxy or not
    }

`getCurrent()` will tell the nodealarmproxy to transmit the last known values.

`manualCommand(command)` will send a command to the Envisalink 3 (do not include the checksum).  Command will be a string based on the envisalink 3 third party interface.

Note:  If you don't want to run the proxy, set `proxyenable:false` or omit it entirely

Commit message:

Add atomic events so we can know exactly what changed and perform actions accordingly.

readme.md, after:

##Setup##

`npm install nodealarmproxy`

the `nap-example.js` shows a setup configuration.  Replace the init parameters with your own.

Available commands:

`initConfig(Object)` will create the server and a proxy for other things to connect to (Envisalink only allows one connection... this allows for multiple connections via proxy).  The object needs to be of the form:

    { password:'password', //required
        serverpassword:'serverpassword', //optional, will re-use password if not provided
        actualhost:config.host, //required
        actualport:config.port, //optional, will use default port if not provided
        serverhost:'0.0.0.0', //optional, will use '0.0.0.0' if not provided
        serverport:config.port, //optional, will use default port if not provided
        zone:7, //required, this is the number of sensors you have
        partition:1, //required, this is the number of partitions... usually 1
        proxyenable:true, //enable the proxy or not
        atomicEvents:false //optional, will default to false. If true, specific zone/partition/user events will be broadcast.
    }

`getCurrent()` will tell the nodealarmproxy to transmit the last known values.

`manualCommand(command)` will send a command to the Envisalink 3 (do not include the checksum).  Command will be a string based on the envisalink 3 third party interface.

Note:  If you don't want to run the proxy, set `proxyenable:false` or omit it entirely
